# Max Function

#### Objective: To successfully write and test a method.

What you need to do: Download the Max.java file and open it in your IDE (JGrasp or whatever you’re using.) Then, write the max method, whose body has been left empty. The method should return the largest of its four int arguments. If there is a tie among the four arguments, you can return any of those variables. The key thing is that the value returned needs to be the largest value among the four arguments.

Sample output:
```
Enter 4 integers, separated by spaces: 1 2 3 4
Largest is 4
Enter 4 integers, separated by spaces: 8 3 2 8
Largest is 8
Enter 4 integers, separated by spaces: 16 16 16 16
Largest is 16
```
A quick note about the input here. Notice that you can enter all your input on one line, but all 4 nextInt methods run, without waiting for more user input. That’s because the nextInt method only pulls the first integer off of the input stream, leaving all the remaining text on the input stream. If there is nothing on the input stream, it waits for the user to type something. So, after the first integer is read into n1, there are still three integers left on the input stream. Then, when nextInt is called again, it doesn’t need to wait for user input, and it pulls the next integer off the input stream, and so on.

The last thing to do is to thoroughly test your method. This means checking that it works in all sorts of situations: where any one of the four arguments could be the largest, where there are ties, etc. I would give your code at least a good 7 or 8 runs, if not more, with all manner of different inputs.

For the advanced version, see how quickly you can add a min function by using copy-paste-edit on your max function.

Turn in: Your ```Max.java``` file. Along with that, please turn in every set of data you used to check if your
function was working, such as:
```
1 2 3 4
2 3 4 1
2 2 3 1
```
Etc.

Do this by adding a set of comments to the bottom of your .java file.
