# 1.3.4 – Monte Carlo Simulation

Objective: To introduce the concept of a Monte Carlo simulation. To use Math.random in the context of generating random integers. Continue practicing with loops. Get used to using methods to break down problems into their component steps.

What you need to do: Write these, all in the same .java file.

1. [Simulate a die roll] Write a method
2. 
```public static int roll()```

which returns a pseudo-randomly-chosen integer between 1 and 6, simulating the roll of a die.


2. [Simulate a die rolling game] Write a method

```public static boolean rollEm()```

which simulates one game of Roll ‘Em, and returns true if the player wins and false if the player loses.

In the game of Roll ‘Em, a player rolls 4 dice.

- If none of the dice come up 6, the player wins.
- If at least one of the dice come up 6, the player loses.

Your ```rollEm``` method must call the ```roll``` method, written in part 1.

3. Write your main method, which is designed to answer the question “What is the probability of winning a game of Roll ‘Em?” without actually solving the math problem. To do this, we use something called Monte Carlo simulation. Named after the famed gambling mecca, it is based off the law of large numbers, which states that:

As the number of trials increases, the experimental probability of an outcome approaches its theoretical probability.

What does this mean? Well,

- A trial is a single execution of an action. In this example, a single game of Roll ‘Em.
- An outcome is one of several possible occurrences when a trial is conducted. In this example, the only two outcomes are winning and losing.
- The experimental probability of an outcome, also called its observed probability, is the fraction of the time the outcome actually occurs, over a certain number of trials. For example, if you played Roll ‘Em 100 times and won 37 times, the experimental probability of winning would be 37/100 = 0.37 = 37%.
- The theoretical probability of an outcome is the fraction of the time you would expect the outcome to occur, based on mathematical computation. For this example, this is the computation we’re trying to avoid.

The way Monte Carlo works is by running a significant number of (simulated) trials and counting how many times the outcome occurs. Since the experimental probability gets closer and closer to the theoretical probability, by doing more and more trials, the answer we get should more and more closely approximate the actual, calculated probability of the outcome.

In other words, to approximate the probability of winning,

1. Play a whole lot of games (like, a million).
2. Count how many times you win.
3. Divide the number of times you win by the number of games you played.
That’s it. Yes, I could have told you that up front, but then what would you have learned?

Advanced version: do the math and determine how close your approximation is to the theoretical probability for various numbers of trials.

Turn in: Your ```.java``` file, containing all three methods.
