# 1.2.2 – The approxEquals method

#### Objective: To understand why == should not be used with floating-point types, and to write a method which returns type boolean.

What you need to do: Write and test the method:
```
public static boolean approxEquals(double a, double b, double tolerance)
```
The purpose of this method is to correct a beginner mistake made by most Java programmers. It is generally not a good idea to use the == equality operator with floating-point types (float and double). This is because every floating-point operation involves a certain amount of approximation. Since Java can only store roughly 14 significant digits in the double data type, a computation like 1.0/3.0 would produce an answer of 0.33333333333333, not the exact answer of 0.333... (infinite repeating decimal).

In the case where round-off error has occurred, the answer you get might be incorrect even though it should work out. For example, consider a line like if(x == 7), where x is a double. Previous computations might cause x to equal 6.99999999999999, and although it almost certainly is supposed to be 7, Java would evaluate the equality to false.

So, how do we get around this? We introduce the concept of tolerance. Tolerance (which must be a positive number) is a measure of how close is considered to be “close enough”. Two double values are considered to be equal if they differ by less than the tolerance. In other words, given two doubles a and b, they are considered to be “close enough” if their positive difference (either a – b or b – a, whichever is positive) is less than the tolerance. For example:
```
approxEquals(3.95, 4.0, 0.1)
```
returns ```true``` since , 4.0 – 3.95 = 0.05 < 0.1, but
```
approxEquals(3.95, 4.0, 0.001)
```
returns ```false``` since 4.0 – 3.95 = 0.05 > 0.001.

As a general rule, this is how you should determine if two doubles are “equal”. In practice, a tolerance of 0.000001 (one millionth) or even smaller is typically effective.

There is a one-line way of doing this (which we will discuss in class, since it is on the AP exam), but don’t worry if your method is a little bit longer. We don’t grade efficiency.

Turn in: Your .java file, which must contain both the approxEquals method and the main method you used to test it.
