# 1.4.2 – Array Searching 1

Objective: Practice traversing an array in the context of searching. Introduce the idea of method overloading.

What you need to do: Write and test two methods:
```
public static int search(int[] array, int key)
public static int search(int[] array, int key, int startIndex)
```
These methods are designed to search the array passed as an argument, looking for the key value also passed as an argument. The first method should return the index of the first occurrence of key in array. If key is not
contained in array, the method should return -1, which is a signal to the calling method that the value is not found (note that -1 can never be a valid index and so can be safely used as a message). Here are some examples to help:

| array | key | returned value |
| - | - | - |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```4``` | ```2``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```1``` | ```1``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```3``` | ```0``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```5``` | ```4``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```6``` | ```7``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```7``` | ```-1``` |


The second method overloads the search method, which means that there will be 2 or more versions of a method, in the same class, with the same name. This is legal so long as the type signatures are different. That is, the number and type of arguments are not the same. Since one version of search takes 2 arguments and the other takes 3, Java considers them to be different methods, despite having the same name. When you call the search method, Java uses the number of arguments to determine which method to run. This is an example of something called polymorphism, which is where a single command can execute different piece of code, based on the type of data given to it.

In other words, if you have an array called nums then:

A call to ```search(nums, 3)``` will call the first version of the method, while

a call to ```search(nums, 3, 2)``` will call the second version of the method.

Any other call, such as ```search(nums)``` will produce a compile-time error.

The second method works in the same way as the first except that it begins searching from the specified index and goes to the end of the array. Note that this means that it will not check any elements to the left of the specified index. Here are some more examples to help clarify:

| array | key | startIndex | returned value |
| - | - | - | - |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```5``` | ```0``` | ```4``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```5``` | ```3``` | ```4``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```5``` | ```4``` | ```4``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```5``` | ```6``` | ```8``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```5``` | ```9``` | ```10``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```9``` | ```2``` | ```5``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```9``` | ```6``` | ```-1``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```4``` | ```4``` | ```-1``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```7``` | ```0``` | ```-1``` |

The highlighted element is the element whose index is returned. Because of the use of startIndex, only the
underlined portion of the array is searched. This means that sometimes an element could be in the array (before
startIndex), but the method could still return -1.
Turn in: Your .java file, containing both search methods and your testing code.
