# 1.2.4 - The ```isValidDate``` Function

Objective: Call a method you’ve already written in the context of another method. Design an algorithm, used or error checking, based on arbitrary rules. Learn how much of a pain-in-the-@$$ the Gregorian Calendar is.

What you need to do: Write and test the following method, by adding it to the same .java file that you used in the previous assignment (1.2.3 – isLeapYear).
```public static boolean isValidDate(int month, int day, int year)```

The purpose of this method is to determine if a date (read in from the user or from another source) is a valid date of the calendar. For example, a date of September 31 would be invalid, since September only has 30 days.

Some things to bear in mind, for a date to be valid:
- The month must be in the range from 1 to 12.
- The day must be at least 1, but the upper bound on the day range depends on the month.
- The upper bound for a day in February is different in a leap year.
- The year must be a positive number (no B.C.E. here)
Here’s some sample method calls with their return values:
```
isValidDate(3, 6, 1973): true
isValidDate(4, 31, 2010): false – April has 30 days
isValidDate(13, 2, 1993): false – No 13th month
isValidDate(5, 13, -203): false – No negative years
isValidDate(2, 29, 2020): true
isValidDate(2, 29, 2021): false
isValidDate(2, 29, 2100): false
isValidDate(2, 29, 2400): true
```
Note: in accordance with years of AP Computer Science A Exam tradition, your isValidDate method must call your isLeapYear method to receive full credit.

You also must do this manually. No usage of date or calendar methods from the Java API is permitted.

However, you may use things other than a complicated if-else structure (such as arrays) to streamline your code.

Turn in: Your .java file, containing your ```isValidDate``` method as well as your revised testing code in the main method. Of course, your ```isLeapYear``` method must still be in there.
