# 1.4.3 – Array Searching 2

Objective: To expand the idea of array searching to include the possibility of multiple results. To write a method that returns an array. To see an example where a zero-length array actually makes sense.

What you need to do: Write and test this method:
```
//precondition: array contains at least one value.
//postcondition: the contents of array are unchanged.
public static int[] multiSearch(int[] array, int key)
```
This method should search an array and return a newly-instantiated array containing, in order, the indices of all occurrences of key within array. If the key value is not found, your method should return an array with zero length. Here are some examples, with found values highlighted:

| array | key | returned value |
| - | - | - |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```4``` | ```[2]``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```3``` | ```[0, 9]``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```1``` | ```[1, 3]``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```5``` | ```[4, 8, 10]``` |
| ```[3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5]``` | ```7``` | ```[]``` |

For purposes of testing, feel free to import ```java.util.Array```s and use the ```Arrays.toString``` method to your advantage. So, for example, if you wanted to test the fourth example above, you could use this:
```
int[] nums = {3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5};
System.out.println(Arrays.toString(multisearch(nums, 5)));
```
Although it is not required that you do so, you may use the second version of search from the last assignment to help implement your algorithm.

One last helpful hint: Before you can put indices into the array which you're going to return, you need to instantiate that array. However, you must specify the correct length of that array at the time you instantiate it. Therefore, your method will need to contain TWO loops. The first simply counts the number of occurrences, which you then use to specify the length of the array you will return. The second loop then puts the correct indices into your newly-created array.

Turn in: Your ```.java``` file, containing your multiSearch method and your ```main``` method. It may also include the ```search``` methods from yesterday's assignment, if you used it/them in your code.
