# 1.3.2 – The Euler Totient Function
Objective: To use a previously-written function inside of a new function. To utilize a counter in the context of a loop.

[Note: you must have a working gcf method from yesterday’s class. You must call this method inside your totient method.]
What you need to do: Write and test the following method, in the same .java file containing your gcf method:
```
//precondition: n > 0
public static int totient(int n)
```
This is called the Euler Totient Function. In number theory, it is represented by  (n) . The formal definition is as follows:

 (n) , where n is a positive integer, is equal to the number of positive integers m, less than or equal to n, for which gcf(m, n) = 1.

In math, two numbers are said to be relatively prime if they have a greatest common factor of 1. So, for example, 8 and 9 are relatively prime because their gcf is 1. Even though neither number is prime, they are relatively prime to each other. Numbers such as 8 and 14 are not relatively prime because they have a common factor (2) greater than 1.

Let's look at an example, by finding the totient of 10. Look at the numbers from 1 to 10:
```1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10```
Which numbers on this list are relatively prime to 10? Well, the numbers 2, 4, 6, 8, and 10 are not, since each of
them has a common factor of 2 when paired with 10. Also, the numbers 5 and 10 are not, since each of them has
a common factor of 5 when paired with 10. Let's look at the GCF of each number with 10:

|     m     | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 |
| --------- | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | -- |
| gcf(m,10) | 1 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 5 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 1 | 10 |

Since only 4 of the integers less than 10 are relatively prime to 10 (the ones marked in yellow), the totient of 10 is 4. Here are some more sample values you can use when you test:


| method call  | return value |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| totient(8)  | 4 |
| totient(24)  | 8 |
| totient(1)  | 1 |
| totient(105)  | 48 |
| totient(8675308)  | 8675308 |

Turn in: Your revised .java file, containing your totient, gcf, and main methods.
