# 1.1.1 – Getting Your Setup Working
AP Computer Science A

Objective: To make sure that you can write, compile, and run Java programs, both in school and at home.

What you need to do:
For this class, we will be using jGrasp, which is a lean, freely-available integrated development environment (IDE). If you have jGrasp set up on your home computer, you can skip the installation portion of the assignment.
If you do not, you will need to download and install 2 pieces of software:
1. The Java Development Kit.
2. jGrasp.

At this point, I want you to write and run a program in Java, any program in Java, using your setup. The point here is simply to confirm that you can run a program on your computer. Here are a few suggestions (please note, I’m asking you to write ONE program, not all of the following):
1. If you don’t remember anything, you can run the following “Hello World” program. However, if you don’t remember anything from last year, you should seriously ask yourself whether or not you should be in the class. While we will review a considerable amount, we won’t review absolutely everything.
```
public class HelloWorld {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    System.out.println(“Hello World!”);
  }
}
```
2. Ask the user to enter their name. After reading in their name, print a personalized greeting.
3. Ask the user to enter in the coefficients of a quadratic equation and print the solutions.
4. Ask the user to enter 4 integers and print a message telling whether or not the numbers are in order from
smallest to largest.

Find these suggestions too boring? Write something more interesting!

Turn in:
Your .java file, containing your code. This is to make sure you know how to do this properly for future
assignments. Do not submit the .class file! I cannot read the .class file.
